okay so today I'm gonna teach you guys
how to make galbi which are Korean style
short ribs and these are basically just
beef short ribs that have been marinated
in a sort of sweet soy marinade and then
grilled so we're gonna start with some
green onions just chopped two or three
of them in a bowl and we're just making
our marinade here so an important
component here is actually pair so I've
chalked up a pair here could put in a
few cloves of garlic I think we take my
immersion blender just puree it all now
what the pair does is they contribute
some sugar there's a lot of sugar this
marinade but also I've heard that the
enzymes in the pair actually I'll
tenderize the meat so we'll add a few a
few tablespoons here of brown sugar
again there's a lot of sugar in this
Meritage and the reason for this is when
you actually cook it it sort of acts
like glaze you get a lot of
carmelization then we're gonna put in
about about a hundred milliliters of soy
sauce I'm here I'm using tamari which is
Japanese obviously it shouldn't be in a
Korean dish but I really love the flavor
of tamari and I very video but you don't
have to use it you can substitute and
then well that's a mirror
here we're gonna add about 40 or 50
milliliters and again this is adding
more sugar and I like to add just a
splash of rice vinegar just to sort of
grind it up it's very sweet on its own
but it's heard of bouncing then about a
couple tablespoons of honey more sugar
and then we're just put some grants in
black pepper and that's pretty much it
for a glaze so you can just combine all
the ingredients
I'll give it a good stir here to make
sure everything fixed up man just fish
it off
whoops pouring a little bit of sesame
oil a little bit is all I have
so now on to the meat so these are just
beef short ribs you want them cut across
the bone these guys are a little bit
bigger than they should be
but you can see the defining characters
are short ribs got a lot of
intramuscular fat so they're very
flavorful but unfortunately this muscle
gets used a lot so so here I've got
about a centimeter thick ones you might
want to go a little bit there you want
to keep them nice and thin so they're
not too tough to eat traditionally what
you do is you actually use cuts along a
single rib and you butterfly the meat
but this way is a lot easier to do this
for them as if walk back and marinate
for at least an hour or so or overnight
you can see that the meat actually turns
around there which means that they're
good to go so I live in a basement
I have no barbecue so instead I have to
make do with my good old castle
57 or 58 degrees Celsius just above
the end result just garnish little green
onions and you're good to go
it's nice easy supper I hope you enjoy